---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_azure_access_credentials data source"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-datasource-azure-access-credentials"
description: |-
  Reads Azure credentials from an Azure secret backend in Vault
---

# vault\_azure\_access\_credentials

Reads Azure credentials from an Azure secret backend in Vault.

~> **Important** All data retrieved from Vault will be
written in cleartext to state file generated by Terraform, will appear in
the console output when Terraform runs, and may be included in plan files
if secrets are interpolated into any resource attributes.
Protect these artifacts accordingly. See
[the main provider documentation](../index.html)
for more details.

## Description

The Azure Active Directory data source exists to easily pull short-lived
credentials from Vault for use in Terraform. By default, it returns a 
dynamically generated `client_id` and `client_secret` without testing 
whether they've fully propagated for use in Azure Active Directory. However,
by activating `validate_creds`, credentials will be tested before being 
returned. This will, however, increase the time it takes for the credentials
to be returned, blocking Terraform's execution until they are ready.

If `validate_creds` is used, then the policy of the vault provider token must
include the below to allow retrieval of the tenant_id and subscription_id which
are required to instantiate the client.
``` hcl
# Assuming the backend is mounted as azure
path "azure/config" {
  capabilities = ["read"]
}
```
by default, credentials will be validated by making a test call to Azure every 7 seconds.
When we have received 8 successes in a row, the credentials will be returned.
We have seen propagation times take up to 15 minutes, so the maximum length of time
for the check defaults to 20 minutes. However, propagation times will vary widely
based on each company's Azure usage, so all these settings are configurable.

Credentials are tested by attempting to refresh a client token with them.



## Example Usage

```hcl
data "vault_azure_access_credentials" "creds" {
  backend = "azure"
  role    = "my-role"
  validate_creds = true
  num_sequential_successes = 8
  num_seconds_between_tests = 7
  max_cred_validation_seconds = 1200 // 20 minutes
}

provider "azurerm" {
  client_id = "${data.vault_azure_access_credentials.creds.client_id}"
  client_secret = "${data.vault_azure_access_credentials.creds.client_secret}"
# The tenant_id and client_id must be supplied as variables when not using validate_creds
  tenant_id = "${data.vault_azure_access_credentials.creds.tenant_id}"
  subscription_id = "${data.vault_azure_access_credentials.creds.subscription_id}"
  features {}
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the Azure secret backend to
read credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `role` - (Required) The name of the Azure secret backend role to read
credentials from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `validate_creds` - (Optional) Whether generated credentials should be 
validated before being returned. Defaults to `false`, which returns 
credentials without checking whether they have fully propagated throughout
Azure Active Directory. Designating `true` activates testing.

* `num_sequential_successes` - (Optional) If 'validate_creds' is true, 
the number of sequential successes required to validate generated 
credentials. Defaults to 8.

* `num_seconds_between_tests` - (Optional) If 'validate_creds' is true, 
the number of seconds to wait between each test of generated credentials.
Defaults to 7.

* `max_cred_validation_seconds` - (Optional) If 'validate_creds' is true, 
the number of seconds after which to give up validating credentials. Defaults
to 1,200 (20 minutes).

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `tenant_id` - The tenant id for credentials to query the Azure APIs.
This will only be returned when `validate_creds = true` else it will
be returned as `null`

* `subscription_id` - The subscription id for credentials to query the Azure APIs.
This will only be returned when `validate_creds = true` else it will
be returned as `null`

* `client_id` - The client id for credentials to query the Azure APIs.

* `client_secret` - The client secret for credentials to query the Azure APIs.

* `lease_id` - The lease identifier assigned by Vault.

* `lease_duration` - The duration of the secret lease, in seconds relative
to the time the data was requested. Once this time has passed any plan
generated with this data may fail to apply.

* `lease_start_time` - As a convenience, this records the current time
on the computer where Terraform is running when the data is requested.
This can be used to approximate the absolute time represented by
`lease_duration`, though users must allow for any clock drift and response
latency relative to the Vault server.

* `lease_renewable` - `true` if the lease can be renewed using Vault's
`sys/renew/{lease-id}` endpoint. Terraform does not currently support lease
renewal, and so it will request a new lease each time this data source is
refreshed.
